I don't want to do it anymore, I also want to say if I am implicated
Sorry.
Of course not because of you.
It's because of my own business
Believing people who shouldn't
What do you mean?
It means nothing
Don't think about it.
In fact, I have learned a lot in the two years I have worked with you
So thank you from the bottom of my heart why do I think you don't want to leave at all?
Do you want to think about it again?
Golden Gate is really a nice place
Treat newcomers fairly
As long as you are willing to work, you can get results
I can get promoted to senior partner at my age
You don't get that anywhere else.
I know all this
Thank you, Mr. Tang
Sister Xiaotong, I haven't had the milk tea you bought last time.
You have the nerve to say
You are a newcomer and have no eyesight at all
Goodbye donkey
Goodbye Xiao Zhang
By the way, donkey
Well, just looking at you, I thought of a word
What happiness?
Happiness
Yeah, it's fine.
Don't you think he's acting weird today?
I don't think so.
Why are you so stupid about this?
Oh, I just remembered something to tell you.
So what's up?